Update README.md (#128)
sourcegraph/careers: README.md

> DEPRECATED: Moved to handbook. See: https://about.sourcegraph.com/company/careers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our open positions are now documented in our handbook: https://about.sourcegraph.com/company/careers
```
